[MRG] Adds iEEG Coordinates Writing That Is BIDS Compatible (#335)
mne-tools/mne-bids: CONTRIBUTING.md

install the following:

    $ pip install matplotlib nilearn sphinx numpydoc sphinx-gallery sphinx_bootstrap_theme pillow

> To build the examples locally, one can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the documentation locally, one can run:
```

    $ cd doc/
    $ make html

or

    $ make html-noplot
    

> if you don't want to render the plots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you don't want to run the examples to build the documentation. This will result in a faster build but produce no plots in the examples.
```
